Sure, here are some examples of sentences in Serbian that use the word "osobi" in different forms and positions, with translations in English in parentheses:

1. *Osobi* smo se na kraju uspeli da stignemo do vrha planine. (We ourselves managed to reach the top of the mountain in the end.)
2. U današnje vreme je važno da se svako od nas *osobi* angažuje u borbi protiv klimatskih promena. (In today's world, it's important for each of us to personally engage in the fight against climate change.)
3. Ona *osobi* svoje vreme vrlo efikasno, nikada ne gubi vreme. (She uses her time very efficiently, never wasting a moment.)
4. Potrebna mi je vaša pomoć da *osobi*m sve ove dokumente u fascikle. (I need your help to personally organize all of these documents into folders.)
5. *Osobi* ćeš morati da se boriš za svoja prava, niko drugi to neće učiniti umesto tebe. (You will have to personally fight for your rights, no one else will do it for you.)
6. On je jedan od najuticajnijih *osobi* u savremenoj srpskoj književnosti. (He is one of the most influential figures in contemporary Serbian literature.)
7. *Osobi* sam bio svedok nesreće na putu i morao sam pozvati hitnu pomoć. (I personally witnessed an accident on the road and had to call for emergency assistance.)
8. Njegov stil pisanja je veoma prepoznatljiv i *osobi* se od drugih autora. (His writing style is very distinctive and sets him apart from other authors.)
9. Da li je moguće da *osobi* pošaljete ovaj paket u inostranstvo? (Is it possible for me to personally send this package abroad?)
10. Oni su *osobi* doprineli razvoju ove zajednice, trebalo bi im odati priznanje. (They personally contributed to the development of this community and should be recognized for it.)

Note: The word "osobi" is the singular, masculine form of the adjective "osoban" which means "personal" or "individual." It can be used to indicate that something is specific to or done by a particular person. In some of these sentences, it is used as an adverbial form, indicating that something is done personally or individually.